Use the developer portal#
In order to be more efficient in building your own applications, this article will cover the features of the developer management platform and the best ways to use it

Create project#
Use the Developer portal to get started#
Step 1：Create/log in to your account#
Click on the 'developer portal' under the navigation bar developer center

Click Connect Wallet to create or log in to an account.

Select the wallet you want to connect to. OKX Wallet is recommended for connection.

After selecting the wallet, click Verify, a window will pop up at the wallet. Click Signature in your wallet.

Congrats! You have successfully created an account and are logged into the developer management platform.

Step 2：Create a new project#
To create a new project, just enter the project name and project description (optional), then click the Confirm button to create a new project.
After creating a new project, you can see the details of the project under the Project option.
If you want to create another project, click Create a new project.
Generate API keys#
Prepared knowledge#
API key：Provides a unique identifier for the application or user to interact with the API.

Secret Key：Works with API keys to provide additional security by adding a security token.

Passphrase：Used to encrypt Secret keys on the OKX OS server to provide additional security. Passphrase is also used to view Secret keys and modify API information.

Generate a new API key#
Click the Manage button in the project where you want to create the API key.

Click the Create API key button.

Enter the name of API key and Passphrase, click Create to generate the corresponding API key.

Passphrase is required to use the API. Once the Passphrase is lost, the API key will no longer be available. Remember the passphrase.

Congrats! You have successfully created the API key.

View the Secret Key#
When making a request to the API, you need to also provide the Secret Key. Click the Copy button on the right to view your Secret Key.
